[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So my name is Brian Holt,
living in San Francisco, but
I consider myself more of
a Salt Lake citizen, from Utah.
Yeah, this is day 7 and
day 8 of the workshop Frontend Masters.
My day job's at Netflix currently, but the
first time I gave a workshop here I was
working at Reddit,
which was an adventure into itself.
[LAUGH] That's a story for another day and
like four more beers.
>> Brian Holt: And
I also do a podcast right now
called Front End Happy Hour,
which people seem to like as
well which is kind of fun.
We just, have you ever seen
the show Drunk History right?
We had this idea is like we
should do drunk JavaScript.
And so
that's kinda how this podcast came up.
And it's really fun.
We just get shithoused, and
then talk about JavaScript.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So it's pretty fun.
But yeah, now I'm super stoked to be here.
Please ask all of your questions,
this workshop gets a lot better if we
have lots of direction from the audience.
I try and remember what it's
like learning these things but
I learned React like three
years ago at this point.
Is that true?
That feels like eternity in React terms,
right?
I launched Reddit's first React code.
Like a responsible adult,
I Just totally rewrote a core piece of
out infrastructure, launched it,
and went on vacation all in React.
We used to be on Angular one two.
And actually ended up doing okay,
which is the funny part about that.
That's kind of how I kind
of stumbled into React.
Yeah, no, it's really great and
I think you're really gonna like it.
>> Brian Holt: So as you can see here,
I'm on this page here,
the Complete Intro to React page.
There is a Version 1 of this workshop,
so I'm just gonna go take a look at it.
You don't have to necessarily follow me,
which is an entirely separate repo.
You can see up here it says B1.
So this is an older recording
of the same workshop.
Using slightly different
technology stack and
older version of all these different
libraries, but actually is still useful,
there is still permanent
information there.
So if you need to refer this like,
this is still out there.
This is gonna use mocha child sign up for
testing, it's going to use older
version of React router which
people are still using.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah and
it's got some other good tidbits
in there so just beware that,
that exist but this is been totally
updated for this new workshop
that we're doing right here.
>> Brian Holt: So
if, by the way there's a short
link if you do nho.lt/react.
This will take you to this page.
That is just easier for me to remember.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah.
We're gonna be talking about
the complete intro to React.
And when I say complete intro,
I mean we're gonna talk about React.
But React itself,
a library is not really that big.
In terms of the API for
it, it's not very big.
It only has 30 or so methods,
or something like that.
I probably should go
count one of these days.
I keep quoting my figure,
and I'm just making it up.
But suffice to say, it's pretty
small as compared to Angular 1.2,
that's the last time I worked in Angular,
so forgive me if it's a little dated.
But Angular 1.2 I think had
over 200 methods available.
And the only reason I bring
up that comparison is,
you can know the entire React library.
Like it's a knowable quantity, right?
Like after today, you will know
almost well, today and tomorrow.
But after this workshop, you'll know more
or less the whole surface area of React.
Whereas if you do an angular workshop,
there's no chance you're gonna cover
the whole library it just does too much.
So, that would be just React, but
we're gonna be talking about
everything that goes around React.
So, a lot of people's frustrations when
they start with React cuz there's so
much going on.
There's so many different pieces, right?
There's WebPack, there's Babel,
there's like all these different pieces
that have to fit together before
your page even starts up, right?
And that's a big part of the frustration.
So that's what this workshop really
aims to kind of help you with.
It aims to basically, we're gonna
start doing something in React, right.
And then we're gonna replicate
some sort of pain point, right.
And you're gonna say that,
I wish I didn't have to do this.
And then I'm gonna show you the tool that
helps you get around that pain point.
Now tools introduce complexity like
that's just the nature of the beast as
soon as you add more tools to whatever
you're doing it becomes more complex.
But you have to kind of weigh
the complexity, does it add ease right?
I'm making my project more complex but
I'm making it easier to work on.
And I think that's a big problem
with people's staring with
reactors we just throw the entire
kitchen sink at the site
here is the easiest thing to do with
React some people like this is great
what the hell is actually
going on with my app right.
And so that's kind of the style
of this workshop is like
let's hit all the pin points let's
understand why the tools exist and
then they'll show how to use the tool.
So that's kinda the idea,
hopefully that's a good style for you.